# FSND - Neighborhood Map

This web site shows a simple map, that contains pre-defined locations marked with a red mark. The marks can be clicked to reveal more information about the location, and the locations can be searched in the search box on the side panel on the left. The web site relies on data from third party sites for showing the map, and displaying location information.

## Third party libraries and APIs used

* Google Maps
* Wikipedia
* jQuery v1.11.1
* Knockout v3.4.2

## Running the web site

To start the web site, simply open then index.html in any modern browser. When the site loads, the map (generated by Google Maps) will be zoomed in to Singapore, where 5 locations are shown. Clicking on any of the marks will open an info window, which will show the location name from the database, and load a description of the location asynchronyously from Wikipedia. A link to the page will also be shown. Should an error occur, an error text will be displayed instead of the description.

The locations can be filtered in the side navigation panel by typing anything in the search box. This will automatically search for the sub string in any of the locations in a case insensitive way, and hide those entries that do not match the search term. The filtering results will be shown in the map markers as well.

## Future improvements

* Currently the location data loads slowly, and it is done every time a marker is clicked. It would be better to cache the data from Wikipedia, so subsequent searches can simply retrieve the data from a local variable. This will make the app faster, and reduce the requests to Wikipedia.

* Clicking on markers or items on the list could center and/or zoom the map to the marker location. This might make the experience better for the user, but it might also make it worse.
